I know this is not how you wanted to
spend your weekend but guess what
me neither she was supposed to see her
boyfriend ever he's not my boyfriend
then why did he make you a playlist
there was sex off oh my god shut up mom
Oh playlist you grew up here why are you
selling it that's what you do when
someone passes away check it out fully
automated security system windows have
retractable shields this place is a
fortress I guess some people get
paranoid in their old age what were you
trying to hide dad I just want to say
again how sorry I was to hear about your
father just let me make it through the
weekend and come home mom I swear to God
if your eyes
[Music]
I want you to listen you are a woman
below at the mercy of strangers what do
you want we want something in the house
anything to protect market know exactly
what I say or you and your kids will not
survive this night yes dad yeah she's
gone find her she took out the lights
he's smart but we have her kids now
she's desperate I'm just a mom
you have no clue what I'm capable of
she's in the house
this isn't gonna work
yes I live with a cigar
[Music]
you notice we broke into the wrong house
Oh